1) What is the role of JSX in React?

*) JSX stands for JavaScript XML
*) JSX is used by React to write HTML like code 
*) JSX is converted to JavaScript via tools like Babel(because browser understand javascript not jsx)

2) What are the advantages of JSX?

*) JSX makes the code more readable and maintainable
*) Error checking in advance(type safety)
*) JSX support Java Script expressions
*) Improved performance
*) code reusability

3) What is Babel?

*) Babel is a JavaScript transpiler
*) Babel converts JSX to JavaScript

4) What is the role of Fragment tag (<>) in JSX? 

*) In React a fragment is a way to group multiple children's elements.
*) Using a Fragment prevents the addition of unnecessary nodes to the DOM

5) What is Spread operator in JSX?

*) Spread operator(...) is used to expand or spread an array or object

6) What are the types of Conditional Rendering in JSX?

*) Ternary operator
*) If-Else statement
*) && operator
*) Switch statement

7) How  do you iterate over a list in JXS? What is map() method?

*) map() method allows you to iterate over an array and modify its elements using a callback function

8) Can a browser read a JSX file?

*) No, a browser can't read JSX file directly

9) What is Transpiler? What is the difference between compiler & Transpiler?

 *) A Transpiler is a tool that converts source code from one high-level programming language (JSX) to another higher-level programming language (JavaScript).
 *) A Compiler is a tool that converts source code from one high-level programming language to lower-level programming language.

 10) Is it possible to use JSX without React?

 *) yes it's possible to use jsx without react by creating your own transpiler like Babel
 *) However it is not recommended since JSX is tightly integrated with React and relies on many React specific features

rwgar