1) What is NPM ? What is the role of node_modules folder?

*)NPM(Node Package Manager) is used to manage the dependencies for you React project including the libraries and packages.
*) node_modules folder contains all the dependencies that are installed using NPM and React libraries.

2) What is the role of public folder in React?

*) Public folder contains static assets that are served directly to the user's browser,such as images,fonts and the index.html file.

3) What is the role of src folder in React?

*) src folder is used to store all the source code of the application which is then responsible for the dynamic changes in your web application

4) What is the role of index.html page in react?

*) Index.html file is the main HTML file(SPA) in react application
*) Here the div with "id=root" will be replaced by the components inside index.js file  

5) What is the role of index.js file and ReactDOM in react?

*) ReactDOM is a JavaScript library that renders components to the DOM or browser
*) The index.js file is the JavaScript file that replaces the root element of the index.html file with the newly rendered components

6) What is the role of App.js file in React?

*) App.js file contain the root component(App) of React application
*) App component is like a container for other components in React
*) App.js defines the structure,layout and routing in the application

7) What is the role of function and return inside App.js?

*) The function keyword is used to define a javascript function that represents your React component
*) function is like a placeholder which contains all the code or logic of component
*) The function takes in props as its argument(if needed) and returns JSX as its output

*) RETURN is used to return the element from the function.

8) Can we have a function without a return inside App.js?

*) yes, a function without a return statement is possible
*) In that case yor component will not render anything in using
*) The common use case is for logging purpose

9) What is the role of export default inside App.js?

*) Export statement is used to make a component available for import using "import" keyword in other files

10) 